README.md, before:

# aurelia-app-documentation

An [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/) app used to browse and read versioned docs for the various libraries of the [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/) framework.

> To keep up to date on [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/), please visit and subscribe to [the official blog](http://blog.durandal.io/). If you have questions, we invite you to join us on [our Gitter Channel](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss).

## Running The App

To run the app, follow these steps.

1. Ensure that [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/) is installed. This provides the platform on which the build tooling runs.
2. From the project folder, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install
  ```
3. Ensure that [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g gulp
  ```
4. Ensure that [jspm](http://jspm.io/) is installed. If you need to install it, use the following commnand:

  ```shell
  npm install -g jspm
  ```
5. Install the client-side dependencies with jspm:

  ```shell
  jspm install
  ```
6. To run the app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  gulp watch serve
  ```
7. Browse to [http://localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000)

## Running The Tests

To run the unit tests, first ensure that you have followed the steps above in order to install all dependencies and successfully build the library. Once you have done that, proceed with these additional steps:

1. Ensure that the [Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/) CLI is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g karma-cli
  ```
2. You can now run the tests with this command:

  ```shell
  karma start
  ```

Commit message:

chore(all): update compilation process and fix code breaks

README.md, after:

# aurelia-app-documentation

[![ZenHub](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ZenHubIO/support/master/zenhub-badge.png)](https://zenhub.io)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

An [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/) app used to browse and read versioned docs for the various libraries of the [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/) framework.

> To keep up to date on [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/), please visit and subscribe to [the official blog](http://blog.durandal.io/). If you have questions, we invite you to [join us on Gitter](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss). If you would like to have deeper insight into our development process, please install the [ZenHub](https://zenhub.io) Chrome Extension and visit any of our repository's boards. You can get an overview of all Aurelia work by visiting [the framework board](https://github.com/aurelia/framework#boards).

## Running The App

To run the app, follow these steps.

1. Ensure that [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/) is installed. This provides the platform on which the build tooling runs.
2. From the project folder, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install
  ```
3. Ensure that [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g gulp
  ```
4. Ensure that [jspm](http://jspm.io/) is installed. If you need to install it, use the following commnand:

  ```shell
  npm install -g jspm
  ```
5. Install the client-side dependencies with jspm:

  ```shell
  jspm install
  ```
6. To run the app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  gulp watch serve
  ```
7. Browse to [http://localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000)

## Running The Tests

To run the unit tests, first ensure that you have followed the steps above in order to install all dependencies and successfully build the library. Once you have done that, proceed with these additional steps:

1. Ensure that the [Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/) CLI is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g karma-cli
  ```
2. You can now run the tests with this command:

  ```shell
  karma start
  ```
